Fire alarm at 49 Broad Street (Class of 1934 House) was caused by cooking.
An ill student at Huntington Gym was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Fire alarm at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Students at Curtis Hall were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and were smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported her computer damaged by a water leak at McGregory Hall.
Fire alarm at Read House; cause undetermined.
Fire alarm at Read House; cause undetermined.
Fire alarm at 180 Broad Street was caused by cooking.A
Campus Safety observed and spoke to a student who was walking in the middle of College Street. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at University Court Apartments caused by cooking.
A resident of University Court Apartments failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Shepardson House was caused by burnt plastic. A resident also failed to evacuate. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Students at University Court Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and were smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 49 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of a loud group of students at Parker Apartments who were found with a beer pong table in their residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department with a carbon monoxide alarm at 88 Broad Street, caused by a damaged detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of Parke House were found with a covered smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An ill student at Shepardson House was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Received a report of a large gathering at Bewkes Center. Investigation revealed the area was closed, several students were trespassing and were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at 80 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi fraternity); cause undetermined.
Fire alarm at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi fraternity); cause undetermined.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at West Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported being injured on while assisting SOMAC ambulance personnel at the 113 Broad Street Complex.
A student reported a bicycle belonging to the Green Bikes program taken or stolen from Parker Apartments.
A student was arrested by the Hamilton Police Department on, on Broad Street, for possession of alcohol under the age of twenty-one and an open container. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was arrested by the Hamilton Police Department on, on Lebanon Street, for possession of alcohol under the age of 21 and possession of an open container. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported finding drug paraphernalia outside of Frank Dining Hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) was caused by an air freshener.
A resident of 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An ill student at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department with a fire at Parker Apartments.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Lawrence Hall was caused by cooking.
A staff member at Frank Dining Hall reported being harassed by another employee during a shift. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported furniture had been damaged and a fire extinguisher had been discharged at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was injured at Huntington Gym while exercising and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A student reported his unsecured bicycle taken from 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House).
Fire alarm at Parker Apartments; cause undetermined.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at 10-14 Utica Street was caused by routine system testing.
Underage residents of Andrews Hall were found in possession of drug paraphernalia, alcohol and were playing drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Parker Apartments was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of property damage at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority).
Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department with a carbon monoxide alarm at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity). Officers also found a blocked egress. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Hamilton Police reported an intoxicated student at 20 Lebanon Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity), cause unknown.
Fire alarm at Frank Dining Hall caused by an electrical issue.
Received a report of a personnel complaint at the bookstore cruiser stop.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of a controlled substance, marijuana, drug paraphernalia and possession of stolen property and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was injured while playing basketball at Huntington gym and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm at Frank Dining Hall; unknown cause.
A student was arrested by the Hamilton Police Department on Broad Street for possession of an open container of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of a personnel complaint at Persson Hall.
Received a report of an ill visitor at the Chapel House who signed off with SOMAC ambulance.
A student reported his unsecured bicycle taken from Parker Apartments.
Fire alarm at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at the Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
Received a report that marijuana and drug paraphernalia were found on a cruiser at the General Use parking lot.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and candles. They had covered a smoke detector and were smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An ill staff member at Frank Dining Hall was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Received a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident at the Andy Kerr Stadium parking lot.
A staff member reported graffiti on Dana Arts  Center.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Parker Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.
A resident of University Court Apartments was injured after spilling boiling water and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of Newell Apartments was found in possession of a candle.
Campus Safety was assisted by the Madison County Sheriff's Department on a trespass complaint at the Bewkes Estate in Lebanon, NY. A number of students were found to be trespassing on the property and in possession of alcohol. Case was referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member failed to comply with a campus safety officer directing traffic at Lally Lane.
A visitor was injured after falling at Persson Hall and signed off medically with a campus safety officer.
A student was injured while playing soccer at Huntington Gym and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking
Fire alarm at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report a student unlawfully entered a room at Andrews Hall and urinated on the resident's bed. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of Curtis Hall were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Andrews Hall was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A visitor was injured after falling near Ho Science Center and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by private vehicle.
A resident of Gate House was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, had covered a smoke detector and was smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report a staff member was injured while using a steam cleaner at Saperstein Center and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an ill staff member at Alumni Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC.
A student was arrested on by the Hamilton Police Department on College Street for littering. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was arrested on by the Hamilton Police Department on Broad Street for disorderly conduct, urinating in public. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.No case activity reported
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments reported her apartmentwindow damaged.
Fire alarm at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking. 
Fire alarm activation at Reid Athletic Center was caused by dust.
Campus Safety received a report of a hate crime - criminal mischief vandalism - after unknown individual(s) defaced a poster in Lathrop Hall.
A staff member reported that the greenhouse at the Colgate Community Garden, had collapsed due to snow on March 21 and 22.
Fire alarm at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of concern for welfare of an individual unaffiliated with Colgate. The individual was located in the Case Library lot and taken into custody by Hamilton Police and the New York State Police.
A student was arrested by the Hamilton Police Deparment on on Broad Street for possession of alcohol under the age of  open container and possession of a counterfeit driver's license. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member at Frank Dining Hall reported three unsecured tablets taken from the men's locker room. Items were located and returned the next day.
Fire alarm at James C. Colgate Hall was caused by a popcorn machine.
Fire alarm activation at the Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed an underage intoxicated student near Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Parker Apartments reported his apartment windows damaged.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed damage to a guard rail in the Alumni Hall lot.
Fire alarm at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by a dryer.
Fire alarm at Parker Apartments was caused by the spraying of perfume.
A student reported being sexually assaulted on campus during the calendar year of 2015.
Fire alarm at Read House was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at Drake Hall caused by an exhaust fan malfunction.  4/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A student was injured while playing volleyball at Huntington Gym was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm at James C. Colgate Hall was caused by burnt popcorn.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student near 40 Broad Street (Bunche House). The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed an intoxicated student on Oak Drive. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of West Hall were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector and were smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An ill visitor at Case Library was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm activation at Sanford Field House was caused by contractors.
Received a report from Onondaga Community College, Syracuse, New York, that a Colgate student was involved in a verbal domestic dispute with his girlfriend and banned from their campus. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety on routine patrol of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) observed a broken window.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Brigham House was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
A staff member reported losing a university-issued key.
A male student was arrested by the New York State Police for a warrant issued by the state of Texas. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an injured student near J.B. Colgate Hall. Student was not injured but was intoxicated and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Case Library caused by a compressor fire.
Fire alarm at McGregory Hall was caused by a burnt-out motor.
A staff member reported chairs missing from 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority).
A student reported unknown person(s) went through her unsecured vehicle parked at Newell Apartments.
Residents of Andrews Hall reported a desk and chair taken from their room over break.
Fire alarm at 22 Utica Street caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at Cobb House caused by cooking.No case activity reported.
Received a report of a student that was injured earlier in the day at Hunting Gym during ballet practice. Campus Safety transported her to Community Memorial Hospital.
Received a report of a disoriented male at J.B. Colgate Hall. Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Police and the male was transported to a hospital in Utica, New York by Hamilton Police.
Fire alarm at Drake Hall caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at Drake Hall caused by cooking.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's licenses at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student at Maple Avenue and Pine Street. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to their residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa GammaSorority) was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
A resident of 66 Broad Street was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector and was smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action. 3/
A staff member reported graffiti at Case Library.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti at Little Hall.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti at Dana Arts Center.
The Hamilton Fire Department responded to a microwave oven fire at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity). 3/
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student near the Bookstore. Student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported an excessive amount of alcohol, including hard liquor, at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported graffiti spotted at the Ho Science Center.
A staff member reported graffiti at Persson Hall.
Received a report of individuals on the roof of Dana Arts Center in the morning of/2017.
A student was found to have accumulated an excessive amount of parking tickets. Case referred for disciplinary action. 3/
A student reported a tree branch fell and damaged his vehicle while it was parked in the Spear House lot.
Received a report a staff member was injured after falling at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraterniry). He was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by private vehicle.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti at the Taylor Lake Bridge.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
Fire alarm activation at 66 Broad Street caused by cooking.
An ill student at Case Library was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an ill student at Olin Hall who was then transported to her residence hall.
A staff member reported unknown individual possibly gaining access to Cobb House.
Fire alarm activation at 66 Broad Street caused by cooking.
A staff member reported damage to a vehicle while it was parked at the O'Connor Campus Center (COOP).
A staff member reported graffiti at Case Library.
A student reported an unknown individual entered his University Court Apartments and took a pair of boots; later recovered.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by steam from the shower.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti at Little Hall.
A staff member reported graffiti at Persson Hall.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on Curtis Hall.  3/
A resident of University Court Apartments reported damage to the apartment door.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking. 3/
A staff member reported graffiti at Spear House.
On/20 a student was arrested on College Street by the Hamilton Police for possession of alcohol under the age of 21. Case referred for disciplinary action.
On/20 a student was arrested on Broad Street by the Hamilton Police for possession of an open container of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary action.
On/20 a student was arrested on Broad Street by the Hamilton Police for possession of an open container of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary action.
On/20 a student was arrested on College Street by the Hamilton Police for littering. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported graffiti on Dana Arts Center.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A resident of Curtis Hall was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Students at University Court Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, a candle and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
The Hamilton Fire Department responded to an oven fire at the Townhouse Apartments caused during a self-cleaning of the oven. 3/
Fire alarm activation at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon) caused by a water leak.
Residents of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon) were found in possession of marijuana and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident and his guest at Shepardson House were found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at 76 Broad Street was caused by marijuana smoke. Resident was found in possession of marijuana. Case referred for disciplinary action. 3/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Read House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Fire alarm activation at Cobb House was caused by air freshener.
Received a concern for welfare of a student at Russell House.
Underage residents of Russell House were found in possession of marijuana, alcohol, had been smoking in a residence hall and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse bus stop. Student was located near Trudy Fitness Center and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 94 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed damage to a card reader at East Hall.
A student reported getting a university vehicle stuck behind 80 Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on a truck parked in the Spear House lot.
A staff member reported graffiti at Little Hall.
A student reported a violation of a no contact order by another student. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported graffiti at Ho Science Center.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student near 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on DanaArts Center.
A resident of 110 Broad Street (PAC House) reported items taken from the kitchen on/2017.
A resident of 80 Broad Street was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at East Hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student reported his coat and contents taken from 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta ThetaFraternity). The coat was later recovered.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was causedby cooking.
A student reported her cell phone, Gate card and credit cards taken from Ryan Art Studio. All items were recovered and were in possession of another student. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred fordisciplinary action.
A staff member reported graffiti on Case Library.
A visitor at the Class of `65 Arena was injured after falling on the ice and left in the care of his mother.
Received a report of concern for welfare for a student at Curtis Hall.
Students at Shepardson House were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at Huntington Gym was caused by contractors welding.
A resident of East Hall was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was caused by adischarged fire extinguisher.
An underage intoxicated resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an intoxicated student at Broad Street and West Kendrick Avenue. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on the Chapel.
A staff member was injured after wind blew a tent over at the Beyer Small field.
A student reported his vehicle damaged while parked at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity).
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student on College Street. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall who had been injured. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Carbon monoxide alarm activation at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) caused by cooking. Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on Dana Arts Center.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed graffiti on Ryan Arts Center.
Fire alarm activation at Bryan Complex was causedby cooking. 
A student reported being injured after falling on the stairs outside of Persson Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Carbon Monoxide alarm activation at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma). Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department.
A resident of West Hall was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Frank Dining Hall was caused by cooking.
A student reported an altercation between himself and another student that occurred off campus on/2017. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of West Hall was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An underage resident of Andrews Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Shepardson House was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found to have covered a sprinkler head. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of 76 Broad Street reported a visitor staying for more than the allotted three days.
A resident of University Court Apartments was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Shepardson House was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
A staff member reported being injured after falling in the Huntington Gym parking lot.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found in possession of a toaster oven. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Student was also in possession of a fraudulent driver's license. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of Parker Apartments reported a broken window at her apartment.
A staff member reported graffiti on the Dana Arts Center roof.
A resident of West Hall was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Drake Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau) was caused by a water leak.
Campus Safety reported damage to a wall at 92 Broad Street.
Students at Andrews Hall were found in possession of marijuana. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was injured at Andrews Hall after falling on the stairs and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments bus stop who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported his university owned laptop was stolen from his vehicle while in North Carolina.
Received a report of a larceny and vandalism at 110 Broad Street.  2/
Campus Safety on routine patrol of Gate House reported damage to a wall.
Fire alarm activation at 22 Utica Street was caused by cooking. Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
A resident of the Townhouses was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking. 2/
A staff member reported his jacket taken from an unsecured coat rack at Frank Dining Hall.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments, cause is unknow thus far. 2/
Received a report of ice falling off Lawrence Hall, damaging a vehicle.
An ill student at Wynn Hall was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Fire alarm activation at 10-14 Utica Street was caused by cooking. Campus Safety was assisted at the scene by the Hamilton Fire Department.
A student reported her jacket taken from an unsecured locker at Huntington Gym.  2/
Received a report of a two car motor vehicle accident with personal injury at College Street and University Court Drive. Patient was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance and the investigation was handled by the Hamilton Police Department.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm at 22 Utica Street was caused by a plug in air freshener. Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department.
A staff member was injured after falling outside of the Chapel and signed off with campus safety.
Received a report of damage to an employee's vehicle parked in the Alumni lot. Hamilton Police were contacted and responded for a report.
Received a carbon monoxide alarm for 40 Broad Street. Campus Safety was assisted by Hamilton Fire Department.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and drug. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An underage resident of Andrews Hall was found in possession of alcohol, marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
Received a concern for welfare of another student at Crawshaw House.
Campus Safety assisted a student at 88 Hamilton Street who was concerned for his welfare.
Received a report of ice falling off Stillman Hall,damaging a vehicle.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Gate House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student at Cobb House, under the influence of a controlled substance, was arrested for Harassment (2nd Degree), Resisting Arrest and Disorderly Conduct. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A staff member was injured after falling outside of West Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by campus safety.
Received a report of a one car, motor vehicle, property damage accident at the Townhouse Apartments.
Fire alarm activation at 100 Broad Street was caused by cooking.
Residents of Andrews Hall were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of Crawshaw House were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm at Gate House caused by air freshener.
Ill customer at the bookstore was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
A student reported her camera missing from Cutten Complex. Camera was recovered by campus safety.
Fire alarm  activation at 118 Broad Street  was caused by cooking.
A student was injured while playing basketball at Huntington Gym and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by a campus safety officer.
A resident of Shepardson House was found to have been smoking in his room. Case referred for disciplinary action. 2/
Underage residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
An ill student at 22 Lebanon Street was transported to Community MemorialHospital by campus safety.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A resident of Drake Hall failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
A student was injured at 100 Broad Street after breaking a window. He was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A visitor at Huntington Gym became ill. SOMAC ambulance responded and patient signed off with them.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was caused by a smoke detector being hit. 2/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Whitnall House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicatedstudent at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary action.
An underage student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at Frank Dining Hall. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by steam from a shower.
A resident of East Hall was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in the residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
A staff member reported an article of property missing or stolen from 88 Hamilton Street.
A resident of Russell House reported items missing from her room.A
Residents of 76 Broad Street were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Staff members at Persson Hall and J.B. Colgate Hall reported receiving a suspicious email.
Residents of 88 Broad Street were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Residents of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student reported prescription medication taken from her unsecured bag atEast Hall.
Residents of 80 Broad Street (Bunche House) were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and smoking in a residence hall. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at university Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
A staff member reported a broken window at 102 Broad Street (Cushman House).
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, a candle and a gasoline can in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by cooking.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found to be smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary action.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
A staff member reported a wall damaged at the Class of 65 Arena.
Campus Safety assisted Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student at College and Broad Streets who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by campus safety. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall who pass an alcohol assessment and signed off with campus safety. Casereferred for disciplinary action.
Received a concern for welfare report of a student at Shepardson House. The student was located and was fine.
Fire alarm activation at Drake Hall was caused by hair spray triggering with the fire alarm.
A student was injured at 88 Broad Street after hitting his head. He signed off with campus safety.
Fire alarm activation at 118 Broad Street was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at 80 Broad Street was causedby cooking. 11/
A staff member reported broken windows at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a property damage motor vehicle accident at facilities gas pumps.
A student was arrested on/2016 by the Hamilton Police for littering on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/2016 by the Hamilton Police for possession of alcohol and an open container on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) reported a flag taken and eggs thrown at the house.
A student reported suspicious activity on her personal email account.
A staff member reported that a student on a study abroad program in Paris was assaulted.
Underage residents at Andrews Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) was caused by cooking. 11/
A staff member reported an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported his unattended backpack and contents taken from Drake Hall, fifth floor.
Received a report of an ill student at Huntington Gym who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near 94 Broad Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence hall by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House). Student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to a university vehicle while it was parked on Chapel House Road.
A visitor to Class of 1965 Arena was injured after cutting her finger on glass. SOMAC ambulance provided first aid.
A resident of Drake Hall was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents at Andrews Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by a discharged fire extinguisher that discharged for no legitimate reason.
Fire alarm at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) caused by smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was injured after falling and signed off with SOMAC ambulance.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student on Utica Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Hamilton Police. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Brigham House reported her purse and contents taken from her unsecured room. All items were later recovered.
Fire alarm activation at Frank Dining Hall was caused by cooking.
A student reported damage to ceiling tiles at Andrews Hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was caused by a humidifier.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage students at Gate House were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Students at Andrews Hall were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was caused by a discharged fire extinguisher that discharged for nolegitimate reason.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at West Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at West Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at West Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported a broken window at 92 BroadA  Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity).
Fire alarm activation at Alumni Hall was caused by dust.
Hamilton College Campus Safety reported a visiting underage Colgate student was involved in a fire alarm that was caused by marijuana smoke, and alcohol was present. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff memberreported an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall who passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents at Andrews Hall were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and alcohol and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of East Hall reported unknown individual(s) entered their room and vomited on a bed.
Community Memorial Hospital called concerned for a student who left without being discharged. Campus Safety located student at her room and provided a transport back to the hospital.
A staff member reported a discharged fire extinguisher at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) for no legitimate reason. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of fraudulent driver's licenses at 88 Hamilton Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported a Green Bikes rental bicycle missing from outside of 80 Broad Street (Bunche House). Bike was later found. 11/
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) reported damage to his vehicle parked at that location. A report was also filed with the Hamilton Police.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety observed drinking games being played at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) during a social hosting event. The event was closed and casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received an anonymous report of possible hazing on campus.
Fire alarm activation at Saperstein Center was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Olin Hall with an undetermined cause. Preventative Maintenance changed the detector.
Students at Gate House were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member at Seven Oaks Club House reported that a student became disorderly after he was terminated. Case referred for disciplinary process.  11/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Andrews Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Whitnall House was caused by cooking.
Underage residents of Whitnall House were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for safety at 102 Broad Street (Cushman House). Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage resident of East Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student outside of 70 Broad Street (The LOJ) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.No case activity reported.
Received a report of an ill student at University Court Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of concern for the welfare of a student at Parker Apartments. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at 22 Utica Street was caused by cooking.
Residents of Gate House were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Drake Hall was caused by cooking.
Residents of Shepardson House were found to have covered a smoke detector, blocked an exit and been in possession of candles. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Read House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to a Cruiser that was parked in the first-year parking lot.
A resident of Brigham House was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of candles and had covered a sprinkler head. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Residents of University Court Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Newell Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Newell Apartments were found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Cobb House were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
 p.m.:A resident of Parke House was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of  the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/2016 by the Hamilton Police Department on Broad Street for possession of alcohol and open container. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 80 Broad Street (Bunche House) were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while practicing martial arts at Huntington Gym and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a suspicious activity report that occurred on Hamilton Central School property, bordering university-owned property on Broad Street. The HamiltonPolice Department was notified.
A staff memberreceived an anonymous report of a sexual assault that occurred in a residence hall.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A staff memberreported feces smeared on a wall at Little Hall.
A resident of University Court Apartments was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident at Dana Arts Center.
While on routine patrol of Broad Street, a Campus Safety officer observed unknown males running from 92 Broad (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) while carrying a bag/purse.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an ill student at Olin Hall who was transported to her residence hall.
Received a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident on Alumni Road.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) - cause undetermined.
Residents of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity); cause undetermined. The activated detector was replaced.
A staff member reported that her jacket was taken from Frank Dining Hall.
A student reported that his unsecured bicycle was taken from Case Library in September.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an intoxicated student at the Hamilton Post Office. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A visitor reported losing a bracelet.
Received a concern for welfare report of a student.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of an ill student at University Court Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of concern for the welfare of a student at Parker Apartments. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at 22 Utica Street was caused by cooking.
Residents of Gate House were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Drake Hall was caused by cooking.
Residents of Shepardson House were found to have covered a smoke detector, blocked an exit and been in possession of candles. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Read House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to a Cruiser that was parked in the first-year parking lot.
A resident of Brigham House was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of candles and had covered a sprinkler head. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Residents of University Court Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Newell Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Newell Apartments were found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Cobb House were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
 p.m.:A resident of Parke House was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of  the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/2016 by the Hamilton Police Department on Broad Street for possession of alcohol and open container. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 80 Broad Street (Bunche House) were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while practicing martial arts at Huntington Gym and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a suspicious activity report that occurred on Hamilton Central School property, bordering university-owned property on Broad Street. The HamiltonPolice Department was notified.
A staff memberreceived an anonymous report of a sexual assault that occurred in a residence hall.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A staff memberreported feces smeared on a wall at Little Hall.
A resident of University Court Apartments was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident at Dana Arts Center.
While on routine patrol of Broad Street, a Campus Safety officer observed unknown males running from 92 Broad (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) while carrying a bag/purse.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an ill student at Olin Hall who was transported to her residence hall.
Received a report of a one-car motor vehicle accident on Alumni Road.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) - cause undetermined.
Residents of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity); cause undetermined. The activated detector was replaced.
A staff member reported that her jacket was taken from Frank Dining Hall.
A student reported that his unsecured bicycle was taken from Case Library in September.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an intoxicated student at the Hamilton Post Office. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A visitor reported losing a bracelet.
Received a concern for welfare report of a student.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Parke House; cause unknown.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by steam from a shower. cause unknown.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.TNCMS.AdManager.init({  domain: "www.thecolgatemaroonnews.com",  secureDomain: "www.thecolgatemaroonnews.com",  virtualregion: {            popup: __tnt.ads.popup        },  callback: {            expandable: __tnt.ads.expandable,            html: __tnt.ads.html,            image: __tnt.ads.image,            pagecurl: __tnt.ads.curl,            text: __tnt.ads.text,            video: __tnt.ads.video        }});
A student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for disorderly conduct on Eaton Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of an open container of alcohol on Eaton Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments; cause unknown.
A resident of Newell Apartments was found to have covered a sprinkler head. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
An employee of Little Hall reported receiving a series of harassing voicemail messages.
An employee reported that his vehicle was hit and damaged while parked in the Case Library parking lot. The Hamilton Police Department responded to investigate.
A student was injured while biking on the cross country trails and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at West Hall was caused by steam from a shower.
A student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for littering on Utica Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 110 Broad Street was caused by an unknown individual discharging a fire extinguisher for no legitimate reason. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 110 Broad Street reported being harassed by another resident. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department for a carbon monoxide alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) that was caused by a dirty detector.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at 110 Broad Street was caused by a student activating a pull station for no legitimate reason. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at  the Class of 1965 Arena was caused by dust.
Fire alarm activation at West Hall was caused by steam from a shower.
Residents of West Hall were found in possession of marijuana. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at West Hall was caused by steam from a shower. 10/
A staff member reported that an unknown individual drove around barricades at the Class of 1965 Arena, causing damage to the lawn.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Townhouse Apartments. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received a report from the Hamilton Police Department that a student was sexuallyassaulted off-campus.
Fire alarm activation at 84 Broad Street (Delta Delta Delta Sorority) was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by the spraying of an air freshener.
Residents of Newell Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing rugby on Academy Field and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Campus Safety was assisted by the Hamilton Fire Department for a carbon monoxide alarm activation at 52 Broad Street  (Theta Chi Fraternity) that was caused by dirty detector.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
A student was injured while walking at the Parker Apartments and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. 10/
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student at the Village Green. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student outside of 66 Broad (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments. Student passed an alcohol assessment. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments; cause undetermined.
Hamilton Police observed an underage intoxicated student on Oak Drive. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence by Hamilton Police. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Gate House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 72 Broad Street (Gamma Phi Beta Sorority) was caused by cooking.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for the possession of an open container of alcohol on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported a possible violation of a no-contact order on campus. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing flag football on Tyler's Field and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of Brigham House was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of East Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage intoxicated student was injured after falling at Andrews Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of College Street reported their hammock taken from their yard.
Residents of Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of stolen property. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for the possession of an open container of alcohol on Broad Street. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Curtis Hall who had cut his hand. Student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of shoes and books that had been burnt in the parking lot of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was burnt by a curling iron at Curtis Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of 80 Broad Street (Bunche House) reported being injured earlier in the day while playing soccer at Whitnall Field and was transported toCommunity Memorial Hospital by SOMAC.
Campus Safetyobserved an underage intoxicated student at West Pleasant Avenue. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student outside of 66 Broad (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student at their office. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments reported damage to a plant on her porch.
A resident of 94 Broad Street was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by the spraying of an air freshener.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) reported that a student entered another student's room and defecated on a desk. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reportedsuspicious activity on College Street.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Residents of Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of marijuana and candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 118 Broad Street (Asia Interest House) was caused by steam from a shower.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Gate House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student near Frank Dining Hall. The student ran and was later found at Drake Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.
A student at FrankDining Hall reported being harassed by an employee.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of an open container of alcohol on Lebanon Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of an open container of alcohol on Maple Avenue. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for littering on Lebanon Street. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of an open container of alcohol on Lebanon Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of alcohol on Lebanon Street. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
An underage student was arrested on/16 by the Hamilton Police Department for possession of an open container of alcohol on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 49 Broad Street (Class of 1934 House) was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Newell Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety onroutine patrol near 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) observed an underage intoxicated student who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report that several fire extinguishers at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) had been discharged for no legitimate reason. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was arrested by the Hamilton Police Department for petty larceny from Parry's Hardware on Utica Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of nonresidents at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) who refused to leave. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.
A student at Curtis Hall reported being injured while playing soccer on Whitnall Field and requested a transport to Community Memorial Hospital.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Residents of Townhouse Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while cutting an apple at East Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed  an underage intoxicated student at Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an intoxicated student at New York Pizzeria on Lebanon Street. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an intoxicated student on College Street. The student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police arrested a student for purchasing/providing alcohol to a minor. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Drake Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Cobb House. The student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of an ill person at the Colgate Memorial Chapel who signed off with SOMAC.
A student reported being harassed by another student on campus. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured on West Kendrick Avenue after falling and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student at the Colgate Bookstore who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was caused by a water leak.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity)  was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Fire Department assisted Campus Safety with a carbon monoxide alarm at Seven Oaks Pro Shop.
A student reported losing her room key and 'Gate Card. 9/
A student reported a green bike taken from Case-Geyer Library.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by a dirty detector.
Received a report of sexual misconduct by a staff member at Frank Dining Hall. 9/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on the shuttle at Lally Lane. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Bryan Complex was caused by steam.
Fire alarm activation at Huntington Gym was caused by the closing of the pool roof. 9/
A staff member reported part of his sculpture at Schupf Art Studio missing.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Curtis Hall. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student on Lebanon Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Drake Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an intoxicated student on West Kendrick Avenue. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling at Parker Apartments and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Fire alarm at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was caused by a discharged fire extinguisher.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Cobb House. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing rugby on Academy Field and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of concern for welfare for a student on College Street.
While completing a social hosting check for a registered event at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity), violations were found by Campus Safety, and the event was cancelled due to disorderly conduct, criminal mischief and vandalism. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an intoxicated student at Newell Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on Utica Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at University Court Apartments. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking.
Received a report of concern for welfare for a student at Curtis Hall.
A student reported accidentally breaking a glass panel while hitting hockey pucks in Starr Rink.
A staff member at the Ho Science Center was injured after falling and was transported to CommunityMemorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of a one-car property damage accident on Conant House Roadway.
A resident of Drake Hall was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of Andrews Hall were found in possession of alcohol and were playing drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of Curtis Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of alcohol and were having an unregistered party with drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety received a report of an underage intoxicated student who had unlawfully entered 84 Broad Street (Delta Delta Delta Sorority). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student who had unlawfully entered Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police at 118 Broad Street. A student was issued a traffic violation for failure to obey a traffic control device.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
An employee at the O'Connor Campus Center (COOP) was injured and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student at Dunkin Donuts. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of theTownhouse Apartments were found to have covered smoke detectors. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety received a report of concern for welfare at McGregory Hall.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found burning candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.  9/
Received a report of damage to a rental vehicle used on First-Year Arrival Day.
Fire alarm activation at the Newell Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.
A student reported receiving suspicious emails from an unknown individual.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by cooking.
Fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments was caused by cooking.
Underage residents of Andrews Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of alcohol with drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student at Maple Ave and Lebanon Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 100 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with an underage intoxicated student on Madison Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to her room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm at Curtis Hall was caused by hair spray.
Hamilton Police Department assisted Campus Safety with an underage intoxicated student at Andy Kerr Stadium. Student passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling on stairs at Curtis Hall and transported to Community Memorial Hospital byCampus Safety.
Fire alarm activated at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) with anundetermined cause.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found to have covered smoke detectors. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An ill student in Drake Hall was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
The Hamilton Fire Department assisted Campus Safety with a carbon monoxide alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity).
A student reported personal belongings missing from first-year arrival day.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Reid Athletic Center who passed an alcohol assessment and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was caused by marijuana smoke.
A resident of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana, was smoking in a residence and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported personal belongings missing from first-year arrival day; later found.
Received a report of an ill student who had been transported to Community Memorial Hospital.
Underage residents of the Townhouse Apartments were found in possession of alcohol and having an unregistered party with drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an intoxicated student at a College Street residence. Hamilton Police and SOMAC ambulance responded and the student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an intoxicated student in a parking lot on Utica Street. Hamilton Police and SOMAC ambulance responded and the student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of 110 Broad Street were observed on the roof and were in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was observed on the roof in possession of marijuana, a candle and failed to comply with Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report from SUNY Morrisville Police that a student was arrested on/20 for aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing frisbee at 49 Broad Street and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 118 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student at 16 Pine Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student on Lally Lane who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student at 46 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Brigham House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student near 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police reported an underage intoxicated student on Utica Street near the Palace who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student on Oak Drive near LaCasa House. He passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to his residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 49 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Frank Dining Hall. She passed an alcohol assessment and was transported to her residence by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Parker Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of West Hall was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, had covered a smoke detector and was smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A fire alarm activation at Andrews Hall; cause was undetermined. cause was undetermined.TNCMS.AdManager.init({  domain: "www.thecolgatemaroonnews.com",  secureDomain: "www.thecolgatemaroonnews.com",  virtualregion: {            popup: __tnt.ads.popup        },  callback: {            expandable: __tnt.ads.expandable,            html: __tnt.ads.html,            image: __tnt.ads.image,            pagecurl: __tnt.ads.curl,            text: __tnt.ads.text,            video: __tnt.ads.video        }});
A resident of Andrews Hall was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Andrews Hall was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments; cause was undetermined.
A fire alarm activation at Andrews Hall; causewas undetermined. Maintenance was notified.
A resident of Read House was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
 A fire alarm activation at Andrews Hall was caused by steam from a shower.
A fire alarm activation at Andrews Hall; cause was undetermined. Maintenance was notified.
Received a report a student was receiving harassing text messages.
A staff member reported damage to an electrical box at Cobb House.
A fire alarm at Read House was caused by a discharged fire extinguisher.
Residents of Read House failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage residents of Read House were found in possession of alcohol, marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to the fireplace at Crawshaw House.
Received a report of concern for welfare of a student at Bryan Complex.
A staff member reported a chair missing from Lathrop Hall.
Received a report of a sexual assault that occurred in a residence hall.
A fire alarm activation at Parke House was caused by a hair straightener.No case activity reported.
Received a report of an intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare of a student at the Townhouse Apartments.
 A fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments was caused by cooking. ** Last week, a senior male student was found guilty of sexual misconduct and was asked to leave campus. He was formally expelled on April 8th, following the Equity Grievance Panel hearing held on April 7th. The student is appealing his expulsion. Colgate has not yet released a formal statement. **  4/
Campus Safety on routine patrol of Stillman Hall observed damage to a wall.
Students at Curtis Hall were found in possession of marijuana. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety on routine patrol near Andrews Hall observed a student enter the building carrying a stop sign taken from Alumni Road. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed a broken window at Newell Apartments.
A resident of Newell Apartments was found in possession of stolen property, a Greek composite. Case referred for disciplinary process.  4/
A staff member reported two students gained access to an office at Olin Hall and tampered with computer equipment. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments was caused by burnt food.
Received a report of a sex offense.
A fire alarm activation at 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority) was caused by burnt food.
A fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments was caused by steam from a shower.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
 A resident of Parker Apartments failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling earlier at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi fraternity)and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A staff member reported finding a discharged fire extinguisher at 94 Broad Street.
Received a report a student had been harassed by another student. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of lawn damage near 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety).
A staff member reported graffiti at Frank Dining Hall.
A resident of 118 Broad Street observed unknown individuals attempting to gain entry via a window.
A resident of Drake Hall reported her microwave oven taken from her suite.
A student reported her vehicle hit and damaged while parked at 104 Broad Street.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed lawn damage on the Ultimate Frisbee Field.
Received a fire alarm activation for 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) caused by marijuana smoke.
A resident of 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to the ceiling at Andrews Hall.
Received a fire alarm activation at 3 Oak Drive with an unknown cause.
A resident of West Hall reported unknown individuals attempted to gain entry via a window at approximately
 a.m.No case activity reported.
Received a fire alarm activation for Lawrence Hall caused by candles.
Received a fire alarm activation for Newell Apartments caused by steam from a shower.
A student reported receiving text messages from unknown individual.    4/
A staff member reported his vehicle damaged while it was parked in the Case Library lot.  4/
A staff member reported losing university keys; later found.
Received a fire alarm activation for Stillman Hall caused by a hair straightener.
A student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported receiving a concerning voice mail. Case was turned over to Hamilton Police.  4/
Received a fire alarm activation for Parker Apartments caused by cooking.
Received a fire alarm activation for 66 Broad Street  (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) caused by moisture in a detector.
A staff member reported damage to a university vehicle; uncertain as to when or where it occurred.
A staff member reported damage to a book shelve in Case Library.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed a damaged light pole at the Townhouse Apartments.
A resident of Drake Hall was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments with an unknown cause.
A student was injured while dancing at Ryan Arts Center. She signed off on medical assistance and was transported to her residence hall by Campus Safety.
A student reported unknown individual entered his room at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) taking cash over the spring break. Case referred fordisciplinary action.
Received a fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary action.
A student was injured after slipping on ice outside of West Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A student was injured after hitting his head at West Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A staff member reported unknown individual(s) gained entry to 100 Hamilton Street.
A student was injured after falling at Sanford Field House and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Stillman Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation for West Hall caused by air freshener.
A student was injured after slipping on ice outside of Andrews Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A student at University Court Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A visitor was injured after slipping on ice outside of the Chapel and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance.
Received a report a student had exposed himself to two females at the Main Moon on Utica Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a one car property damage accident on Bryan Roadway.
A staff member reported a vehicle in a snowbank at 100 Hamilton with the driver, a student, unresponsive, and was transported to Community Memorial by SOMAC Ambulance. The student was arrested for driving while intoxicated and possession of a controlled substance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of sexual harassment.
Received a fire alarm activation for Parker Apartments caused by marijuana smoke. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation for 100 Hamilton Street caused by unknown individual discharging a fire extinguisher with no legitimate reason.
Unknown individual(s) broke a window at 100 Hamilton Street.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on Whitnall Field who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation for 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) caused by water leak.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Officers observed an unauthorized party at 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) and several individuals failed to evacuate for the fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments caused by marijuana smoke.
Received a report from the Hamilton Police Department that a student driving a university van had been stopped for speeding. The student was not authorized to drive the vehicle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to a vending machine at Curtis Hall.
Received a fire alarm activation for 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) caused by contractors cleaning floors.
Received a fire alarm activation for Seven Oaks Club House with unknown cause.No case activity reported.No case activity reported.No case activity reported.No case activity reported.
A Campus Safety Officer noticed eggs had been thrown at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety) windows, as well as at vehicles parked there.
Received a fire alarm activation at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) caused by burnt popcorn.
Received a fire alarm activation at University Court Apartments caused by cooking.
Received a report of an ill student at East Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance.
Received fire alarm activation at Russell House caused by cooking.
A student reported her jacket taken from an unsecured locker at Huntington Gym.
Received fire alarm activation at the Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
A staff member reported her keys taken from her unsecured office at Ho Science Center.
Received a report of a sexual assault.
A student reported being harassed, electronically, by another student. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Palace Theatre, Utica Street, who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
On/ an underage student was arrested by Hamilton Police for possession of alcohol and open container on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
On/ an underage student was arrested by Hamilton Police for possession of alcohol and open container on Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported suspicious activity at Parker Apartments.
Received a report a student entered another's room at Brigham Hall and took items that were recovered. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported his unsecured backpack and contents missing from Persson Hall.
Received an alarm at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) caused by resident in possession of marijuana and smoking in a residence hall and was in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety) Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on Utica Street. Upon returning student to his room at 94 Broad Street he was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of unknown male banging on a window outside of Newell Apartments. The underage intoxicated student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an intoxicated visitor at JC Colgate Hall was who transported to the host's residence at Parker Apartments. Case referred for disciplinary process.  3/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall and who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student that was brought to Community Memorial Hospital by unknown person. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student that was brought to Community Memorial Hospital by unknown person. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by cooking.
A resident of Gate House reported money missing from her wallet. 
Received fire alarm activation at Russell House caused by temperature change.
Received a report of a burglary that occurred at the end of August 2014 at Newell Apartments.
Received a report of a burglary that occurred at the end of August 2014 at Newell Apartments.
Received fire alarm activation at 110 Broad Street caused by steam.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Students were found in a room at West Hall of which they are not assigned to. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of West Hall was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a visitor at Huntington Gym had been disorderly toward others over a period of time.
Campus Safety officers observed a covered smoke detector at 94 Broad Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received fire alarm activation at 94 Broad Street caused by marijuana smoke. Resident was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received fire alarm activation at Parker Apartments caused by steam.
A student was injured while playing basketball at Huntington Gym, signed medical release and was transported to his residence by Campus Safety.
A student reported he broke a window at his Parker Apartment.
Campus Safety assisted SOMAC Ambulance with an ill student at 16 College Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was eventually located at Curtis Hall and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received fire alarm activation at 40 Broad Street with an undetermined cause.
Campus Safety on routine patrol of Curtis Hall found several exit signs missing.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage resident of Stillman Hall was found in possession of alcohol, marijuana and drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by cooking.
Received a report of larceny that occurred from an unlocked locker at Huntington Gym.
A staff member found an unlocked door at O'Connor Campus Center (COOP).
Received a report of a sexual assault.
Received fire alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by cooking.
Officers observed a beer pong table at University Court Apartments. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Two students reported being hit by falling snow from McGregory Hall. One student was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an ill staff member at Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at West Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC Ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a noise complaint at Whitnall House and upon officers' arrival found a student had been struck by an unknown individual.
Received fire alarm activation at Stillman Hall caused by burnt food.
a.m.: Residents of Stillman Hall failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received fire alarm activation at Townhouse Apartments caused by cooking.
A student reported a cable box taken from 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity).   2/
Received a report of a sexual assault.  2/
A staff member reported losing his university keys in Florida.  2/
Received alarm activation at 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) caused by a resident smoking in the residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A visitor at Huntington was injured after falling and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Received a report of a sexual assault.  2/
Received alarm activation at East Hall caused by burnt food.
A visitor at Reid Athletic Center was injured after being hit by a hockey puck. He was treated by and signed/released with SOMAC ambulance.  2/
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student on Hamilton Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police with an underage intoxicated student on College Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at East Hall caused by burnt food.
A student reported her jacket and contents taken from Trudy Fitness Center.
Received alarm activation at Crawshaw House caused by marijuana smoke.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia, had been smoking in a residence hall and was in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Crawshaw House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Phi Delta Theta Fraternity was found in possession of marijuana, had been smoking in a residence hall and was in possession of incense. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at Whitnall House caused by marijuana smoke.
A resident of Whitnall House was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Whitnall House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling on the stairs at Alumni Hall and was transported to the student health center by campus safety.
Received alarm activation at University Court Apartments caused by smoke from cooking.
 A student reported his jacket taken from the Trudy Fitness Center.
A student reported being harassed by another student via unwanted messages and visits to her apartment after he was told to leave her alone. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported his boots taken from the Trudy Fitness Center on/2015.
A student was injured at Curtis Hall after spilling hot water on herself and was transported by Campus Safety to Community Memorial Hospital.
Received a report a student had been injured at LaCasa House after he broke a mirror. He was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by private vehicle.
Received alarm activation at Delta Upsilon Fraternity caused by unknown person discharging a fire extinguisher for no legitimate purpose.
Received alarm activation at Beta Theta Pi Fraternity caused by a resident smoking in the residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student on Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student failed to comply with the university parking rules and regulations on/2015.
A student reported damage to his vehicle that possibly occurred when the vehicle was towed from Cutten parking lot.
Received a report of a party at Stillman Hall. Underage residents were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Gate House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at 92 Broad Street caused by a resident smoking in the residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at University Court Apartment with an unknown cause.
A resident of Whitnall House reported waking up and an unknown male was in her room. The underage intoxicated male was later identified. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at University Court Apartments with anunknown cause. Preventive maintenance was contacted.
Received alarm activation at Newell Apartments caused by smoke from cooking.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fraudulent driver's license at Beta Theta Pi Fraternity. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received alarm activation at Sanford Field House caused by pull station hit by a softball.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 94 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.   2/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at the Townhouse Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member was injured after being hit in the head at Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity while providing a vehicle unlock.
Students at Curtis Hall were found in possession of marijuana and were on the roof. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a larceny from the O'Connor Campus Center (COOP). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported receiving text messages and voicemails from unknown caller.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Stillman Hall who passed an alcohol assessment. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling at the Trudy Fitness Center and was transported by Campus Safety to Community Memorial Hospital.
A staff member was injured after falling on ice near Reid Athletic Center.
Received a report of a student wandering in the road on Madison Street. The student was intoxicated and was transported by Campus Safety to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Community Memorial Hospital who had been injured after falling through a glass door on Lebanon Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Cobb House was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
On/ a student was arrested by the Hamilton Police on Maple Avenue for littering. Case referred for disciplinary process.
On/ a student was arrested by the Hamilton Police on Broad Street for open container. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an unregistered party at the Townhouse Apartments where the underage residents were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student of age was found to have provided alcohol to underage residents at the Townhouse Apartments. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety assisted the Hamilton Police Department with a criminal mischief case on Utica Street.
A staff member reported an altercation between himself and another Sodexo staff member at the Coop, O'Connor Campus Center. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A visitor at Reid Athletic Center was injured after being hit with a hockey puck and signed off from further medical assistance.
Students at East Hall were found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of a loud party at University Court Apartments where an unregistered party with drinking games was taking place. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Drake Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported being harassed by an ex-boyfriend.
A student at Stillman Hall was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Parker Apartments were found in possession of stolen property. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Parke House was found in possession of candles. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at a Broad Street off-campuslocation who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported her laptop missing with last known location being in her vehicle which was parked in Erieville, New York.
Received a report of an ill student at Gate House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of Crawshaw House failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
A student reported unknown person stole a credit card and made unauthorized charges against it at the O'Connor Campus Center (COOP).
Received a report a student at Community Memorial Hospital had been assaulted at a Broad Street off-campus location. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a Greek letter removed from an outside wall at 100 Hamilton Street (formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity).
A resident of University Court Apartments was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of underage students at Andrews Hall in possession of alcohol and they had been playing drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police requested campus safety's assistance with an underageintoxicated student on Utica Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of underage students at University Court Apartments in possession of alcohol and they had been playing drinking games. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of University Court Apartments reported a student attempted to gain entry to her apartment by prying open a window. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported a reckless driving incident at Huntington Gym on/2014.
A student reported aggravating a prior injury on/2014 at Huntington Gym.
A staff member reported damage to the dinosaur statue outside of Ho Science Center.
A staff member reported unknown individuals damaged doors and gained entry to the closed kitchen at 100 Hamilton Street (formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported marijuana and fire safety violations found in a shed at 100 Hamilton Street (formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity).Case referred for disciplinary process
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 110 Broad Street (PAC House) was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 114 Broad Street (Phi Delta Theta Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported being injured on/2014 at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity) after unknown person fell on her.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of the Drake Hall was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Parker Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
A resident of University Court Apartments was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Curtis Hall was found to have covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after falling from the climbing wall at Huntington Gym and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of 100 Hamilton Street (formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, a candle and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety observed a student violating a no contact order at the Trudy Fitness Center. Case referred for disciplinary process. 11/
A student reported an unknown male had entered her room at Curtis Hall; individual was later located. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported an unknown male had entered her room at Shepardson House; individual was later located. Case referred for disciplinary process. 11/
Residents of 94 Broad Street were found in possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, a candle and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Stillman Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of a sex offense that occurred on campus in 2012.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed students smokingmarijuana outside of Brigham House. Case referred for disciplinary process. 11/
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed a damaged window at Stillman Hall.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed students taking flags from a green on Seven Oaks Golf course. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 100 Hamilton Street (formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report unknown person(s) attempted to remove license plates from vehicles parked at 72 Broad Street (Gamma Phi Beta Sorority).
A visitor at Andrews Hall failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported her laptop taken from her backpack at Frank Dining Hall on/14.
A staff member reported a vehicle speeding on Oak Drive. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported students sending out a wireless signal that was interfering with the university's system and had failed to comply with university officials regarding this matter. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of the Townhouse Apartments failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received an anonymous report of a sexual assault that occurred in September 2014.
Hamilton Police requested Campus Safety's assistance with an underage intoxicated student on Lebanon Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police requested Campus Safety's assistance with an intoxicated student on East Pleasant Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with Campus Safety, but was arrested by Hamilton Police for disorderly conduct, urinating in public. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported broken window at 100 Hamilton Street (Formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported observing an unknown person hunting in the area of the cross country trails over this past weekend.
A staff member reported falling near East Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Whitnall House who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported damage to a wall at 100 Hamilton Street (Formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity) and beer pong tables set up on the second floor. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) reported items missing from her unlocked room.
A student was injured while putting a boat in Lake Moraine and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC.
A staff member overheard another staff member make a racial comment at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of West Hall were found to have covered a smoke detector and sprinkler heads. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an unauthorized party at Gate House. Underage residents were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Officers on routine patrol of 100 Hamilton Street (Formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity) observed pumpkins and a register that had been smashed outside, spray paint on the sidewalk, and the pool table legs missing. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured on Lebanon Street and signed off with Campus Safety.
A student reported an unknown person has been locking her apartment at Parker Apartments.
A visitor reported her eyeglasses were damaged when the paper towel dispenser at Reid Athletic Center fell open and struck her.
An individual banned from campus was arrested for burglary after being found in an apartment at Parker Apartments.
Officers on routine patrol of 100 Hamilton Street (Formerly Sigma Chi Fraternity) observed a broken window. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported observing an underage student purchase alcohol at Price Chopper. Student was found in possession of alcohol and another person's driver's license. Case referred for disciplinary process. 11/
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Curtis Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Russell House were found in possess of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Residents of Russell House failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an assault that occurred at the Old Stone Jug, Utica Street. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report a student had been injured after cutting his hand and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of Russell House reported items taken from her unlocked room.
A staff member reported an unknown male took product from the O'Connor Campus Center (COOP) without paying.
A resident of 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) reported unknown males had entered the house and annex and threw eggs about and damaged property.
A staff member reported finding marijuana at the COOP.
A staff member reported a discharged fire extinguisher and broken door at Parker Commons.
An underage resident at West Hall was found in possession of marijuana and alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity) reported items taken from his unlocked room on/2014.
Hamilton Fire Department responded to 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) for a CO alarm caused by smoke backed up in the fireplace.
A staff member reported a suspicious person, later identified, at O'ConnorCampus Center.
A student was injured while playing soccer on Van Dorn Field and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A resident of Parke House was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police requested Campus Safety's assistance with an underage intoxicated student at Maple Avenue and Lebanon Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 72 Broad Street (Gamma Phi Beta Sorority) reported unknown individual(s) had entered the house between and/20 damaged and stole property.
A student was injured after falling near the Bookstore, signed off with Campus Safety and was transported to her residence hall.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Stillman Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Newell Apartments was found in possession of a candle. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received two reports of suspicious activity at a Townhouse Apartment from residents who were off campus. Another resident had given his Gate Card to another student who gained access and was baking. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an intoxicated student at the COOP who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing rugby on Academy Field and transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Broad Street and Oak Drive who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured after slipping on stairs at 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC.
An underage intoxicated student on Broad Street  was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm at 66 Broad Street was caused by an activated pull station with no legitimate cause.
A student was injured after falling near East Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC.
A student at Drake Hall became ill after smoking marijuana and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 40 Broad Street (Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority) reported items taken from her unsecured room between October 1 and October 10.
A resident of the Townhouse Apartments reported a neon sign taken from his apartment between October 10 and October 14. 
Hamilton Police requested Campus Safety's assistance with an underage intoxicated student near 42 Broad Street. Student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with Campus Safety and was transported to his residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported unknown persons broke a door at Shepardson House and a window at the Shaw Wellness Center.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported losing her University-issued keys; later found.
A staff member reported damage to a light pole in the O'Connor Campus Center parking lot.
A student reported being concerned for his safety.
Campus Safety on routine patrol near Huntington Gym observed an underage intoxicated student who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred fordisciplinary process.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student was injured while playing rugby on Academy Field and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Campus Safety on routine patrol of 100 Hamilton Street (former Sigma Chi Fraternity) observed damage to a door.
Campus Safety on routine patrol of Oak Drive observed an underage intoxicated student who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Fire alarm at Gate House was caused by a maliciously discharged fire extinguisher.
An underage resident of East Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare; student was located.
Received a report unknown person had defecated in aurinal at the O'Connor Campus Center and at James C. Colgate Hall.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found to have covered detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity) was found to have covered detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A candle was found in the living room of 88 Broad Street (Beta Theta Pi Fraternity). Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an ill student at 72 Broad Street (Gamma Phi Beta Soority) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
A student reported being stung by a bee at Andrews Hall and was transported to CommunityMemorial Hospital by campus safety.
Received a report of an ill student at 72 Broad Street (Gamma Phi Beta Soority) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
A student reported being stung by a bee at Andrews Hall and was transported to CommunityMemorial Hospital by campus safety.
Received a report of a sexual assault.
A student was injured at the frisbee field while playing frisbee and was transported to the student health center by Campus Safety.
A student was injured at the frisbee field while playing frisbee and was transported to the student health center by campus safety.
Received a report a staff member may have been stung by a bee at Frank Dining Hall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
While providing a room unlock at East Hall, a student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported an egress door at 84 Broad Street (Tri Delta Sorority) had been blocked.
Received a report a student was injured after falling from the climbing wall at Huntington Gym and was transported to CommunityMemorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
A student at Andrews Hall was found in possession of marijuana and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A staff member reported sports drink taken from Reid Athletic Center.
A staff member reported damage to his bike rack mounted to his vehicle while it was parked in the Alumni Lot.
An underage resident at Crawshaw House was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 94 Broad Street who was transported to community memorial hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage intoxicated student was arrested by the Hamilton Police for criminal trespass and possession of a forged instrument. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety on routine patrol of West Hall found a damaged door.
A staff member reported odd posters hung in Stillman Hall.
A resident of Cobb House referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student at 100 Broad Street (Creative Arts House) failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Casereferred for disciplinary process.
A student reported a friend was being stalked by another student. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Maple Avenue and Lebanon Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at University Court Apartments who was transported to Community Memorial hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Persson Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Campus Safety on routine patrol near the Chapel found an underage intoxicated student lying on the ground. The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off and was escorted to his room by Campus Safety. Casereferred for disciplinary process.e referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Fire Department responded to 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) for a CO alarm.
A student was found in possession of a fictitious driver's license at 88 Hamilton Street (Campus Safety). Casereferred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 92 Broad Street (Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity) who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of concern for welfare.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student near Frank Dining Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off and was transported to his residence hall by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 49 Broad Street who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A female student reported being approached by an unknown male on Broad Street who motioned for her to come toward his vehicle. Anyone having information pertaining to this incident is encouraged to contact Campus Safety.
A student reported a bicycle missing from University Court Apartments and from 84 Broad Street (Tri Delta Sorority).
Received a report of an unauthorized party at Andrews Hall where underage students were in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated and injured student outside of Community Memorial Hospital. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at Lathrop Hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an ill staff member at Frank Dining Hall who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by Campus Safety.
Received a report of a theft from the bookstore.
Students at Stillman Hall were found in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia and had been smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an unauthorized party at the Townhouse Apartments where underage students were in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Hamilton Police requested campus safety's assistance with an underage intoxicated student at Maple Avenue and Lebanon Street. The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with campus safety and was transported to her residence hall by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at East Hall. The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with campus safety and was escorted to his room by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Underage students at Andrews Hall were found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Drake Hall failed to evacuate for a fire alarm. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage resident of Drake Hall was found in possession of alcohol. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an unauthorized party at 52 Broad Street (Theta Chi Fraternity). Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and smoking in a residence hall. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of Newell Apartments was found in possession of candles. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A resident of 66 Broad Street (Delta Upsilon Fraternity) was found in possession of marijuana and had covered a smoke detector. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported a license plate removed from his vehicle.
A student was injured at Huntington Gym after falling from the rock wall and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance.
Received a report of a disorderly student at Gate House who was also in possession of a fictitious driver's license. Case referred for disciplinary process.
While at Gate House, officers found an underage intoxicated and injured student who was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.
An underage student at Whitnall House was found in possession of alcohol, marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at 84 Broad Street (Tri Delta Sorority). The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with campus safety and was escorted to her room by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
A student reported another student being harassed.
Campus Safety on routine patrol observed an underage intoxicated student on Hamilton Street. The student passed an alcohol assessment, signed off with campus safety and was escorted to her room by campus safety. Case referred for disciplinary process.
Received a report of an underage intoxicated student at East Hall. The student had been injured after falling and was transported to Community Memorial Hospital by SOMAC ambulance. Case referred for disciplinary process.